everybody this is eric 14 welcome to
network marketing pro com and our GoPro
recruiting mastery event mike sims
absolutely rocked the house he did such
an amazing presentation one hour in
total but if you don't know mike mike is
a million dollar a year earner in our
profession I've known Mike for a long
time and just great to see him totally
exploding his business and he did a
great talk about how to break out of a
slump in network marketing we've all
experienced that check out this brief
clip and i'll be back at the end of the
program let's talk about a very very
serious topic here a slump okay versus a
streak who has ever been in a slump
before everybody in here has at one
point in your career you've been in a
slump before now i'll tell you you know
i try to be funny on stage and kind of
entertain as well but now i'm switching
to my other personality because when it
comes down to training I just don't play
because this is business and when you
the front of the room there are people
that are hanging on every word looking
or listening for something that help
them change their life and so I'll tell
you right up front the things that area
warrior has already talked about today
if you do them as I have done them and
other people have done them as well you
will get to six and seven-figure income
if you don't you want I just tell you
that blank plane blunt there's no way to
sugarcoat it you will not be successful
if you don't do these things so one of
the key things I learned in life though
is of course when we get into a slump
when we have something that's going or
not going right in our life you can't
fix it unless you figure out how it
happened okay you can't fix something
that you don't understand for instance
in my math class is when i went to the
tutors they can see that i was telling
the tests so what they tried to work on
with me is what in my not understanding
that's causing me to fail the test all
right i'll give you four things real
quickly you got to do to help you solve
any issue in this business and also any
issue in life the first thing you got to
do is you got to trace it okay you got
to trace it back to the source figure
out
where is coming from what why is this
happening to me you got to trace it the
second thing you got to do is you got to
face it you got to face it okay you got
to face it head-on you can't put
blinders on here's what most people do
in life they edit their reality when you
go when you watching a movie all you see
is the finished product right you don't
see everything else they edit it out
that's what most people do with their
lives there are things that are not
right but they're editing these things
out is if they don't exist or they keep
them in because their neighbors are
going through the same thing so one of
the things I stopped doing was I stop
editing my reality and it's Eric talked
about earlier your reality is reality
reality is I was broke there's no other
way to sugarcoat it okay my money was
circulating it just went coming back to
me fast enough okay so what we got so
far you got it what I trace it you got
to face it ok the next thing you got to
do is you got to erase it he raced it
totally if you're in a bad relationship
you just can't say I'm gonna face it you
got a deal you got to erase it you can't
just keep hanging around in it if
something is going on or not going right
in your business you got to erase that
as well stop doing it stop wanting what
you don't want and the last thing you
got to do is you got to replace it you
got to replace it with the right
activities the right for live feeds the
right thoughts the right mindset
attitudes you have to do those four
things in order to move forward and in
anything in life and especially in this
business well I do agree with Mike there
those steps are going to help you break
out of a slump and much whole program
you'll be able to see it after January
first is about an hour long and it's
just awesome it's just filled with so
many great nuggets of information so
appreciate mike sims i hope you got
value from the show ladies and gentlemen
my wish for you is that you decide to
become a network marketing professional
you decide to go pro because it is a
stone cold fact that we have a better
way now let's go tell the world tune in
tomorrow i'll give you another great
highlight from GoPro recruiting mastery
everybody have a great day and I'll see
you next time